---
template: about.jade
---

[![The Happy Couple](/images/mat.10.th.jpeg)](/images/mat.10.jpeg)

Tyler and Megan met while in Annapolis, Maryland late in 2009 and instantly hit
it off. Tyler was studying at the United States Naval Academy and Megan was
performing with Ballet Theater of Maryland. While Tyler attended multiple
training programs for the Navy, Megan moved to Charlottesville to continue her
dance career. Upon completion of initial training Tyler shipped out to San Diego
to join the USS Jefferson City (SSN-759) and Megan joined him the following
year. Tyler finally popped the question in San Diego after a drawn out
deployment. In March 2015, they relocated to Charleston, South Carolina.

## Tyler’s proposal story

[![The Ring](/images/mat.11.th.jpeg)](/images/mat.11.jpeg)

The proposal story turned out to be a much longer drawn out affair than I
intended. After executing a change of homeport to Hawaii directly from a
non-traditional deployment I had the opportunity to surprise Megan on Christmas
with a week long vacation in San Diego. Seeing her face when I walked through
the door as she was setting up our “Skype Date” Christmas is something I will
remember forever.

The next problem was figuring out how to propose to her. I didn’t want to do
anything to cliche or on a holiday or anything so I decided that I would propose
up in Balboa Park over a nice picnic. For the west coasters, you know how cold
it was right around New Years and it also decided to rain when we got up to the
park.

[![The Gaslamp District](/images/mat.12.th.jpeg)](/images/mat.12.jpeg)

Time for plan B. I moved the picnic back to our apartment and after we finished
we walked around downtown where we ended up underneath the Gaslamp Quarter sign
at the foot of 5th Ave. I had decided this was the best place to propose since
we fell in love with the Gaslamp Quarter and our time in San Diego was coming to
a close. Of course she said yes, and we had a fantastic rest of the week
together.
